Mo Yan
Why are you here?
I didn't hear that grandma was sick. I came to have a look.
Grandma is resting inside
You sit outside for a while
Grandma is very ill now
My family doesn't know about the marriage and the Wang family
Be careful what you say
To prevent grandma's illness from being stimulated
Will get worse
Don't worry.
I won't say a word I shouldn't say
Then come in with me. Um
Want to see it again?
Xiao Wuji didn't expect you to be so shameless
The old lady is so angry with you, you still have the face
You are not welcome here
Get out of here, I'm here to see grandma
It's not your turn to chase me away
Hmph, don't come to this set?
Don't you just look at the old lady and be soft-hearted?
I want to ask him to agree to your marriage with Mu Yan
Let me tell you something.
As long as I live a day
You little scumbag
Don't even think about being with us Mu Yan
Not to mention that the current Zhao family tree will fall
It's when I was at my peak
Ah!
Son
How did that happen?
Xiao Wuji, you deceive too much
Hit me yesterday
Take the initiative to come to the door today
Xiao Wuji turned out to be you
I thought you were just an interpreter
I didn't expect to be so cruel to us Chaoyun Xian
You are simply despicable and shameless
Indiscriminate swearing
It was Zhao Changyun who moved first
I just missed my grades
You fart
My family Chang Yun is gentle and respectful
Is he the eldest son of our Zhao family?
Such a noble status
How could it be possible to do something to you, a little scumbag?
I see it must be you
You provoke him beforehand
Second brother hits again
Now it's bloody again
You are just hateful